yo yo yo what's up people this your boy
Pete Rouse back in the building with
another video on right now what I want
to talk about is a as you can see this
article comes from The Huffington Post
uh I put the link down in the
description wwf/e to post com but prints
will guest star on a new girl because he
really loves Nick and Jess now I never
watched this show I'll be the first to
admit I've never watched it don't know
what it's about but of course I'm going
to tune in after Superbowl to see what
it is this is princess debut to a sitcom
TV you know first time doing it ever I'm
apparently he knows everything about the
show and his role is going to be right
in the middle of trying to help Nick and
Jess work through some stuff apparently
his thing was about getting Jess and
trying to bring out this inner part of
her that hadn't been brought to the
forefront so just to be clear this is
basically princess living out new girl
fan fiction when he is not riding around
on a miniature unicorn or tweeting
selfies and weird pepper salad for
instance watching new girl and he just
want and Jessica to stay together Wow
ain't that sweet that's cold blooded
stuff but anyway I think this is going
to be real interesting um I can't
remember the last time he actually acted
uh was it uh suh last thing i saw i
think three chains of gold I don't know
what it was this deven a while since
either acted though
this is great this is our coming at a
time where he has this big announcement
going on over in London um I don't know
if the times will sync up like whatever
time it is in London versus what I'm new
girl comes on but I think it's gonna be
real interesting that all this is
happening at once he got this big
announcement in London he's starting a
new girl and then I look on youtube and
3rd eye girl they got a new snippet up
of a song called pretzel body teaser now
I'm not going to play this so got to go
to third I girls web page and y'all can
check it out along with a host of other
videos and which he has posted my
suggestion of y'all whatever is up on
third I girls we had a page please
purchase and support prince without a
new stuff she got up here but pretzel
body logic it seemed like it's going to
be pretty hot from the debut album a
third eye of a plectrum electrum from
3rd eye girl so we don't see me so you
know get at me let me know what y'all
think about this alright peace